Samu!
Aran!
A block that's not scary
isn't actually a block.
This guy's way scarier than
four-eyes over there.
Haikyu
Episode 21: Hero
Aran!
Got it!
It went in soft.
Free ball!
The ball is back in Inarizaki's court!
Ooh, Inarizaki's #10 is going for it!
You've got this, Karasuno
full-of-holes blocker guy!
This is Suna Rintaro's quick.
How can he keep his upper body that still?
I mean, even if we fully
understand what's going on here,
it's going to be totally different in-game.
Man, nationals is scary.
When a spike is about to happen,
it's not just a one-on-one
with the spiker and blocker.
Even with two blockers,
it's not one-on-two.
It's always one-on-six.
There's always a way to fight.
Karasuno High School
Volleyball Club
I guess you don't need to hear that.
I'm always going to try
to stop it, of course.
But it's not like I'm going
to be able to suddenly beat
a middle blocker that's been to nationals.
But if it's one-on-six...
But if it's one-on-six... Yeah.
The idea that the only good block
is a kill block is outdated.
Yes!
Inarizaki                                                                                               Karasuno
It's probably a good thing
they didn't get frantic.
Wow, that was awesome!
What a clean receive!
If they had rushed after the ball, he would've
probably used that against them.
They couldn't fully cover
his contact point anyway.
If they ever tried to fully stop him
one-on-one, they'd be playing into his hands.
And even though I understand all of this,
I know I'd get impatient
and go for the block.
I'm sure I could at least stop some.
But with Tsukki,
I think he's using the first two sets
to tell the guys in the back,
"This is Suna Rintaro's
counter-cross shot."
Volleyball's a sport where you
know you're gonna get scored on.
It's impossible to ever have a shutout game.
There's no absolute counter to any attack.
But when it comes to Suna's counter-cross...
The more he decides to use it, the more
Tsukki and Karasuno have an advantage.
Are you telling me he's only been
blocking my cross shots on purpose?
Hey, thanks for letting me get
a clean hit in every time.
And thank you for hitting exactly how
I expected you would every single time.
So it was deliberate.
He has to be the least assertive
middle blocker I've ever seen.
Is he a robot?
I guess it's no shock that Karasuno
has more than surprise attacks.
Things sure are getting interesting.
Kinoshita.
Kinoshita!
Go score ten points!
This is my last chance in this game.
Nice serve.
Get a nice serve in, Kinoshita!
This is my 28th mental service ace.
I'm pretty sure Kinoshita-san
didn't hear that.
He's not hearing the other team, or us.
All of his attention is on the ball,
the tape, and where he's aiming!
We Don't Need the Memories
Nice kill, Aran! Jump,
jump, Aran! One more time!
Yes!
Nice kill!
After seeing those insane first-years,
I got super excited.
But I also realized they were
completely different beings than me.
But even then...
Yamaguchi worked his way
up to being a hero.
So did Tanaka.
Ennoshita got subbed in at some
critical moments and did his job.
So did Narita.
Even if I could never be
like Nishinoya or Kageyama,
I thought I could have an
epic moment out on the court.
Even if it was just for a second,
I thought I could be a hero.
I guess I was wrong, though.
Sorry about that.
Kinoshita-san, that was a great serve!
You hit it in a great spot.
Hey!
You'll have more chances to kill it out there.
R-Right.
But the third-years might
be done after today.
And yet... I haven't done a damn thing.
Yeah!
Inarizaki                                                        Karasuno
Kageyama, nice serve!
The net serve is in!
Nice, nice, Tobio! Push it,
push it, Tobio! One more time!
Kageyama's something else!
They're really going on the offense now.
This ain't good.
Yeah! Yeah!
Two more rotations and Miya Atsumu
will be serving again.
Make sure you get in whatever
you can right now!
Fly
So when I was really little,
I was a really big scaredy-cat.
I don't really remember, but maybe it
was up until I started grade school.
I was scared of bugs.
I was scared of birds.
I was scared of tricycles.
I was scared of ghosts.
I think I was pretty shy, too.
So, uh...
Are you talking about a
previous life, or...
I told you, this is when I was a kid!
But my gramps was pretty intense
when it came to discipline,
so I got over it pretty fast.
Oh, yeah! Your gramps is pretty intense!
Hello!
Th-Thanks for letting me come over.
I met him twice, and he had a different
hottie with him each time.
It's rare for Nishinoya to be
this talkative during a match.
Is it because he's nervous?
When Miya Atsumu served,
my feet were glued to the ground,
but it sorta felt nostalgic.
The fact that I felt scared.
It's amazing that you can
actually admit you're scared.
What does he mean, that feeling
scared was nostalgic?
Who knows? It's not like us
normies would understand.
But my gramps would always say
that it's a waste of time to be scared.
Inarizaki                                                                         Karasuno
Looks like that bastard's back.
It's good. Eat it.
Acknowledging that you actually dislike
something that you thought you disliked.
Don't go in from above, and stop
staring at the pup's eyes.
There's always a reason for hostility.
My feet won't reach!
If you can get on a bicycle,
see how far you can go.
It's such a waste to pass up the
opportunity to learn something new.
But what if...
you're really scared?
Well, what else?
Have someone help you!
Bring it!
I'm gonna knock off...
those tiny hands of yours!
Say, Nishinoya...
I'm pretty sure you could get by
with just underhand receives,
instead of forcing yourself
to do overhand receives, right?
I mean, I'd like to just
do underhand receives,
and I thought I could pull that off.
But there are people better than me.
It's no fun if you don't try other
options once you know they exist.
Nishinoya!
Move up!
Nice receive!
Yeah!
Nice kill!
Yes...
Yes!
Nice, nice, Asahi! Push it,
push it, Asahi! One more time!
Inarizaki                                                                                               Karasuno
Karasuno managed to limit
Miya Atsumu to one serve!
Yeah!
Haikyu!!
Former All Japan Setter
Inuhata Masahiko-san
Junior Volleyball Classes
He's huge.
He sure is.
Apparently his name is Aran-kun,
and he's in fifth grade.
Man, how cool.
I'm jealous.
He's got a foreign name!
Seriously?
Maybe I'll change my name.
I'm pretty sure if you just change
your name, Grams is gonna be sad.
Yeah...
Morons.
Samu... Osamu, so Samu!
Then I guess you'll be Tsumu.
Nah, Tsumu is weird, dude.
Man, that's just too cool!
How?!
Heya, I'm Inuhata.
I'm so happy y'all showed up today.
The Miya Twins.
I knew them before they got so famous.
I came here today to show you
just how volleyball can be.
Aw, he's a setter? Too bad he's not a spiker.
Dang, they're rude.
Hey, you think Giba would show up?
Like hell, moron.
You're so stupid, Tsumu.
The setter's the super cool position
only the best players play.
So you wanna play setter, Samu?
No, I wanna spike.
What was your point, then?
Hey, nice kill. Pretty impressive.
Dude! I hit it, like, perfectly!
Yeah!
Don't be scared. Come on over!
I'll help you get the ball over.
Yeah, nice kill!
Setters...
They're pretty cool.
Hey, it's Aran-kun.
Heya.
Hey, twins.
I'd say the twins were
powerful rather than skilled,
and they were super competitive.
If I had to choose, Osamu was
a bit better than Atsumu,
which meant that Atsumu was
always challenging Osamu.
Osamu, try playing setter.
Only the best players get to be the setter,
so we all saw this comin'.
Osamu and Atsumu both hated losing.
But it seemed like Atsumu had something
that went beyond just hating to lose.
All right. We're gonna have
Atsumu be the setter today.
Did you know, Tsumu? The more positions
you play, the better you get.
Shut your mouth and at least
be jealous, stupid Samu!
Atsumu kept getting better at
setting every time I saw him.
And when he was paired with Osamu,
they were perfect.
Eventually, people started
fearing the Miya Twins.
Yako
I was really on my game today.
The way the ball felt
settling on my fingers...
The way it felt when it left my hands.
I could totally see what their
blockers were doing, too.
Did you guys have a problem with my sets?
No... Not really.
So why couldn't you score any points?
The hell's his problem?!
Well, he's really good. Can you blame him?
He's just an arrogant jerk!
Well, we do win when they're
both on their game.
Just deal with it.
Tsumu, the other guys don't like you.
So?
I made up my mind that
I'm never going to be like you.
I'm going to be a nice guy.
What are you even talking about?
I've known the twins ever since I was little,
but sometimes, Atsumu scared me.
It's exhausting when strangers, or even
your friends and teammates hate you.
Inarizaki High School
Osamu, you were off your game today.
Well, we all have our off days.
Don't worry about it.
We all suck! And that's
exactly why we practice!
Talk about passionate.
You useless piece of trash.
Any piece of trash that
can't score with those sets
should let someone else play already.
Atsumu! You don't need to say it like that!
Osamu already feels bad enough!
Why, you...
Abusive, tyrannical pig!
You may be on your game,
but there are days that we aren't!
If I'm off my game, that's just
what that means, you stupid ass!
H-Hey, you two. Stop! You're gonna get hurt!
They don't hold back.
Does Wittle Atsumu-kun never make a mistake?!
What's wrong with calling a piece
of trash a piece of a trash?!
Look in the mirror sometime, dumbass!
Hey, the Miya Twins are fighting.
Ooh, a volleyball team classic!
The twins are fighting!
Let's bet our lunches on who's gonna win!
Wanna play Winning Eleven?
Yeah.
Slow down, you stupid twins!
The biggest blessing that Atsumu has isn't
his physique or his various talents.
It's actually Osamu.
No matter how fast they run,
if no one else can catch up...
They'll always catch up with each other.
I'm sure that can be annoying sometimes.
Come back here, you scrub!
The more they compete with each other,
the stronger they'll get.
Good job getting picked for the
All-Japan Youth Camp, Tsumu.
Be more frustrated, Samu!
I am, dumbass.
I'm frustrated at the fact
that I'm not more frustrated.
You've been working hard.
What the hell?!
You'd better not be implying that you aren't!
I'm pretty sure I am. But I think they just
wanted to pick someone who's a bit crazy.
Wha?!
Our skill is equal.
No, I'm better than you!
Hear me out, damn it.
It's just...
you love volleyball a smidge
more than I do, Tsumu.
Inarizaki                                                                                        Karasuno
It's stretching!
Follow through!
Fly
Free ball!
Damn it, it's low!
Sorry! Follow through!
Nice kill, Osamu! Nice kill, Osamu!
Jump, jump, Osamu! One more time!
We Don't Need the Memories
I wonder how many people in the crowd
actually noticed just how
amazing that set was.
Usually in these situations,
they'd set high up to the left.
Nice!
So this is an All-Japan
Youth Camp setter's skill.
Inarizaki                                                                                        Karasuno
I'm always amazed you can pull off that set.
You could just go underhand.
Well, it's a setter's job to set.
I have to set the ball to the best spot.
And?
Underhanded, it would've been two arms.
But overhanded, I've got ten fingers.
I went with the higher
number for better support.
Because I'm a setter!
That's Miya Atsumu for you.
He may be easily flattered,
as well as determined and aggressive,
but he's more considerate and dedicated
to his spikers than anyone else.
He's the ideal setter.
Oh?
But I can't pull that off.
I couldn't get under a ball
that low, especially that fast.
I don't have the speed or muscle
to stabilize my body under the ball,
or the skills or technique to pull
off a perfect set from there.
Maybe don't go into such detail
about something you can't do.
Yeah...
I'm glad I came here, too.
Episode 22: Pitons
Next time, "Pitons."